# Throw

Complete the isPositive function below. It has one integer parameter, $a$. If the value of $a$ is positive, it must return the string YES. Otherwise, it must throw an Error according to the following rules:

* If $a$ is $0$, throw an Error with $message=$ Zero Error.
* If $a$ is negative, throw an Error with $message=$ Negative Error.

## Input Format

Locked stub code in the editor reads the following input from stdin and passes each value of $a$ to the function as an argument:
The first line is an integer, $n$, denoting the number of times the function will be called with some $a$.
Each line $i$ of the $n$ subsequent lines contains an integer denoting some $a$.

## Constraints

* $1 < n < 5$
* $-100 < a < 100$

## Output Format

If the value of $a$ is positive, the function must return the string YES. Otherwise, it must throw an Error according to the following rules:

* If $a$ is $0$, throw an Error with $message=$ Zero Error.
* If $a$ is negative, throw an Error with $message=$ Negative Error.


# Dev

```js
'use strict';

process.stdin.resume();
process.stdin.setEncoding('utf-8');

let inputString = '';
let currentLine = 0;

process.stdin.on('data', inputStdin => {
    inputString += inputStdin;
});

process.stdin.on('end', _ => {
    inputString = inputString.trim().split('\n').map(string => {
        return string.trim();
    });

    main();    
});

function readLine() {
    return inputString[currentLine++];
}

/*
 * Complete the isPositive function.
 * If 'a' is positive, return "YES".
 * If 'a' is 0, throw an Error with the message "Zero Error"
 * If 'a' is negative, throw an Error with the message "Negative Error"
 */
function isPositive(a) {

    if (a > 0) return 'YES';
    else throw Error((a === 0) ? 'Zero Error' : 'Negative Error');
}

function main() {
    const n = +(readLine());

    for (let i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        const a = +(readLine());

        try {
            console.log(isPositive(a));
        } catch (e) {
            console.log(e.message);
        }
    }
}
```

# Conclusion

단순하고 심플한 문제였습니다.
다만 깔끔하게 코딩한거 같아서 만족스러운 해답이라고 생각합니다.
